# PortfolioProject

_**PROJECT GOAL_**
The task is to perform an analysis of the company's sales performance by product line. 
Specifically, we will answer this question:  
• *Based on your analysis, what recommendations would you make to improve the sales performance of each product line?*

 [SQL ANALYSIS HERE](https://github.com/Morelkdata/PortfolioProject/blob/main/AnalyseRFM.sql)

__*VISUALISATION*__ : [Tableau de bord 1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/129965534/232231356-fa183e46-ccb7-4894-9f38-2c0167a5053b.png)


[Link of TABLEAU](https://public.tableau.com/views/PortfolioAnalyseVenteParMorelK/Tableaudebord1?:language=fr-FR&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link)


__*CONCLUSION*__

*Revenue by Products*:  
From the dashboard, we can see that the Classic Cars product line generated the highest revenue with $3,919,615.66. 
And, the revenues generated by the trains were $226,243.47 so the lowest.  
Based on this chart, we can conclude that the Classic Cars and Vintage Cars product lines are the most popular and generate the highest revenues. 
Therefore, it would be wise for the company to invest more in these product lines and promote them more aggressively in order to further increase revenue.  

*Income by country*:  The United States is the company's largest market, generating revenue of $3,627,982.83, which is significantly higher than any other country on the list.  
Spain and France are the second and third largest markets, respectively, generating revenues of $1,215,686.92 and $1,110,916.52.  

Based on the dashboard, we can conclude that the US, Spain and France are the company's largest markets, and it would be wise for the company to invest more in these markets to further increase revenue. 
In addition, the company may consider exploring new markets to increase revenue and expand customer base.  

*Revenue by transaction size*:  Medium sizes generated the highest revenues, at $6,087,432.24, which is significantly higher than small and large sizes.  
Small deals generated revenues of $2,643,077.35, which is less than half of the revenues generated by medium-sized sizes.  
Large sizes generated the smallest revenue, with only $1,302,119.26.  

Based on the dashboard, we can conclude that the company generates the most revenue from medium sizes. 
Therefore, it would be wise for the company to focus more on average deals and promote them more aggressively to further increase revenue. 
In addition, the company may consider reviewing its pricing strategy for both small and large offerings to increase revenue from those offerings.